awesome BN1 moment you probably missed! when you enter the city for the first time, you can find your teacher ms mari and talk to her, however she will pretend not to recognize you, and will even lie and say she is ms mari' cousin if you talk to her too many times. What do you think she was up to in the city?

developer easter egg bn3: when alpha attacks with combat tanks, during the ensuing chaos you can run to higsbys' shop and this will be the only time when the back room of the shop will be accessible. There are no obtainable items in this room, but you can prominently see a poster of gutsman shoveling battlechips into his mouth. What did the developers mean by this?

amazing developer facts: when one developer at capcom was asked about the posibility of a MMBN legacy collection, he shared that he was strongly against the idea because the color palettes used in the games would look very different on new consoles. Now that's dedication to the craft!

cool modcards fact: according to the modcard "shuko's salary", which grants you 500 zenny, it is indicated that shuko is in a constant state of suffering

did you know? according to a secret conversation you can unlock with torroh, chaud practices netbattling for 20 hours every day :exploding_head:

awesome BN1 moment you probably missed! when you enter the city for the first time, you can find your teacher ms mari and talk to her, however she will pretend not to recognize you, and will even lie and say she is ms mari' cousin if you talk to her too many times. What do you think she was up to in the city?

scary bn4 fact: during a tournament if you make the curry really bad, you will be haunted by the ghost of the angry grandma until you begin new game+. Now that's one poltergeist I don't want in my folder!

did you know? Lan's 5th grade teacher mr mach may look like a normal academic, but he actually know teleportation magic and a plethora of other dark arts

drip drip, who's that? It's bubbleman :drip: ! He has the gall to show his face again in bn6 after threatening to explode lans friends with a washing machine in bn3. But this time he's turned good, and will even give you a special soul unison. What a great friend, thanks bubbleman, we forgive you

did you notice this? The dark chips in bn4 and bn5 are not so subtle allusions to drug use. The battle network was developed during the worst part of the western tylenol epidemic. It is reported that numerous developers even lost family members during this time. It seems like not even kids games are free from politics!

could there be truth to this rumor? In MMBN5 Double Team DS, if all the members of team liberation megaman were to lie down in a straight line from head to toe, they would have accomplished nothing.

cool tech throughout history: when you enter wily secret base, you will always see a some part of the base that is pumping many polluted chemicals to the environment. This is an intentional reference to bitcoin. Very cool!

cool bug facts of bn4: in the japanese version of rockman exe 4, if you do not hold the B button while moving in the overworld, you will not encounter any viruses at all! However, jacking in will nullify this glitch

cool lore fact: princess pride, operator of kingman, is not a real princess. This is because the concept of royalty was abolished in the bn universe following the intentional and total annihilation of the bn univers's version of the united kingdom

funny bn3 best moments: during the zoo fiasco, you can enter the yoka inn and witness the lady of the inn brawling with an enraged elephant. From the surrounding npc dialog, it is implied that she is winning by a landslide

did you notice this unrealistic plotpoint in bn2? In the airplane scenario you can see a minor character who is wearing a giant magnet on his head as a hat. Don't try replicating everything you see in videogames! If a magnet that big actually got close to a commercial airline, the plane would explode near instantenously

did you catch this MMBN6 detail? Shuko is wanted by the police for multiple counts of copyright infringement.

hardcore gaming bn3 facts: during the development cycle of Battle Network 3, the hardhead virus was inspired by the office intern. Who says the developers can't have a little fun too?

did you know gaming? It's common for developers to save time by reusing stock assets in clever ways. I bet you've never noticed that the MMBN1 boss Gospel is a composit of many Creative Commons images of corvids.

cool math facts: in bn5 dex makes a show of his special "swimmig trunks technique" in which he puts on his swim trunks and removes his boxers in broad daylight without showing anything inappropriate. However, our facts team and multiple independent fact checking organizations have unanimously agreed that this is physically impossible. Looks like that's an Epic Fail for the battle network writing team!